---
layout: post
title: "Untitled"
date: 2019-07-04 23:40:33 -0500
---


If there's one thing that's the enemy to truth, it's blame. I wish I'd known that when I was younger.

One of the biggest criticisms I've faced as I've tried to hold people accountable for toxic behaviors is that I should have brought this to them before. It's true; I have been bothered by toxic behaviors for a *long* time and it has always been a strong part of my moral code to be honest with people, even when it's hard. "I can't fix anything when you don't talk to me," people have been saying.

I was also raised with an emphasis on taking responsibility for what I say. I should be aware of when something I say is going to be hurtful. As the mantra goes, "If you don't have anything nice to say, then don't say anything at all." If I can't find the way to talk about something without causing someone pain, then it's better off not just said. 

Both of my parents made it clear when I hurt them.

 > "You're being ridiculous."

 > "You're being dramatic."

 > "This is just how families are, you don't need to get upset."
 
 > "You don't know what it's like to be a parent."
 
 > "I'm sorry that you feel that way, but that's not accurate."
 
 > "When have I *ever* done anything to make you feel that way?"
 
 > "If what you're saying is true then I've failed as a parent."

The feedback I constantly received is that I was not responsible for my words. Whenever I felt that something was wrong, I scrutinized those feelings and looked for real, clear indicators that validated that feeling. But I couldn't find anything *too* real, because that would cause too much pain.

This was a daunting task, and more often than not, I kept things to myself.

But honesty was still a strong part of my moral code. I needed to tell the truth and bring all my feelings to the table, even if I didn't want to, because the people I love and who take care of me deserved to know.

Unfortunately, I found a way to deal with this cognitive dissonance. I took the blame to heart. 


For one thing, the timing of my honesty should not affect the amount of respect I am given. 

